I am so excited!
Olive and I are giving each
other makeovers today!
I barely get to spend
any time alone with her
since she started dating Dixon.
He is always around.
It'll be nice to finally do
something, just me and Olive.
Clearly you've been desperate
for companionship,
because you've mistaken me for someone
who cares about your life.
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
Hey, Chyna! Ready
for some girl time?
Sure. Just one problem.
He's not a girl.
He's pretty, but he's not a girl.
The spy business
is a very lonely business,
I didn't want Dixon to feel left out.
Come on, you can do my makeup,
I'll do Dixon's,
and Dixon can do yours.
Dixon?
Don't worry, Chyna.
I've actually taken courses
in makeup application.
I know what I'm doing.
Really? Okay. (SIGHS)
Thanks, Chyna. I look great.
DIXON: And Olive, I like the
way you put makeup on me.
And Chyna, what do you think?
I think you could have told me you
specialize in disguise makeup.
And why would a spy ever need
to look like a hamburger?
Come on, Chyna, you look great.
All you need are
a couple of accessories.
Oh, you mean like a milkshake
and a side of fries?
Look at her.
She's an unhappy meal.
(LAUGHING)
(SIGHS)
♪ Ooh, ooh Doo, doo
Whoo!
♪ Everybody's got that thing
♪ Something different we all bring
♪ Don't you let 'em clip your wings
♪ You got it You got it
♪ We're on fire and we blaze
♪ In extraordinary ways
♪ 365 days
♪ We got it We got it
♪ You can dream it
♪ You can be it
♪ If you can feel it
♪ You can believe it
♪ 'Cause I am, you are, we are
♪ Exceptional Exceptional
♪ Yeah, I am, you are, we are
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh
♪ Ooh, ooh
Whoo!
Hey, Olive, Dixon.
I'd hate to be a third wheel again.
Don't worry, Chyna,
you're not a third wheel.
He is.
We're on a date, Philip!
Take a hint!
Anyway, Dixon,
this just came for you.
It's an envelope!
Maybe there's something inside of it.
It's a digital voice recorder!
Lucky guess.
(BEEPS)
WOMAN: Good afternoon, Dixon.
This is the National
Intelligence Agency.
We are contacting you
because we need you for a
top-secret operation. (MOUTHING)
A top-secret operation?
Yes, a top-secret operation.
This is incredible! I've
been waiting for a mission!
Your wait for a mission is over.
You must go
to Washington D.C.
and run surveillance
on the Canadian embassy.
It might look like nothing
suspicious is happening.
It might even look like the embassy
is closed for renovations.
But do not be fooled by that,
or the fact that Canada
is one of our closest allies.
That's what they want us to believe.
Sneaky Canucks.
Well, I better get
into my work clothes.
There. Now I'm ready.
You have to leave right now?
WOMAN: You have
to leave right now.
By the way, if you mention
anything to the agency,
we will deny
any knowledge of the mission,
even though it is completely
real and not at all pretend.
Well, goodbye, Dixon!
See you!
I'm sorry, Olive.
Duty calls.
Philip, I need your unicycle!
Official government business!
(GRUNTS)
Got all the clothes...
...in!
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(GASPS)
No!
Lexi, you got a minute?
No, I don't have a minute!
Or enough closet space!
Z-Tech's gaming division has a
new street driving video game.
We're trying to access
the servers and play it
before it's released to the public.
I can't get past the security.
We need your math skills to
crack the encryption algorithm.
Okay, but we better hurry,
before one of us gets swept
away by the undertow.
Undertow? There's no...
(SCREAMS)
(BEEPS)
All right. You're in.
You're a genius!
Sorry. I mean
you're beautiful.
(GAME MUSIC PLAYING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
This game is amazing! And
the visuals look so real.
This room would make
a perfect walk-in closet.
Watch it! You're going to
smash into that storefront!
(THUDDING)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
Well, it was only a bookstore.
No one reads anymore anyway.
This is so much fun!
Just us girls,
having girl time, doing girl stuff.
Oh, let's talk about boys.
Dixon?
Dixie Cup!
You're back!
But it's only been two days!
Two glorious Dixon-free days.
I had to abort the mission
because I was discovered
by a teenage Russian spy,
cleverly disguised
as a bowl of borscht.
But the trip wasn't a total loss,
because I brought her back with me.
Olive, this is my girlfriend, Oksana.
Oksana, this is
my ex-girlfriend, Olive.
(STUTTERS) Ex-girlfriend?
What are you talking about?
Oops.
I skipped that part, didn't I?
I think we should see other people.
I am the
"other people."
I don't understand.
Dixon dumped me?
How did this happen?
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Why are you asking me?
What do I know about spies
and secret missions?
(SOBBING)
Want to talk about boys?
Olive? Are you
feeling better?
(WAILING)
A little.
Maybe this is for the best.
I mean, what kind of guy
would dump you for some
not-at-all exotic girl
he has nothing in common with
who he met on some
completely real spy mission?
I know, right?
I wish he had never been
sent on that completely
real spy mission!
Well, there's nothing
we can do about it now.
Other than continuing to refer to it
as a "completely
real spy mission."
Come on, Olive, there are
plenty of fish in the sea.
But Dixon was a really cute fish!
Like Monkeyface prickleback fish cute!
I'll never find another guy!
Well, you won't if you
just lie in bed crying.
Are you referring to the
cognitive neuroscientific study
that determined that women's tears
contain an olfactory chemosignal
that reduces romantic response in men?
Yes.
(WAILING)
Don't be sad.
I'll find you someone else.
Someone better.
Not because I'm in any way
responsible for any of this,
but because plenty of guys
want to date you.
Really?
Absolutely!
You're the most desirable
girl in school!
I mean, what guy wouldn't want
a chance to go out with...
...Zeezoo?
Zingzang?
Zoozibble?
Zazow. (SOBBING)
Come on. (SIGHS)
I'll prove it to you.
Who wants to go out with Olive?
Looks like they're all
afraid to compete with...
...Zoozibble.
I knew I'd heard that somewhere!
I told you there was
no one else for me.
What about me?
No one!
I want my Dixie Cup back.
Well, if that's what you want,
then I will make that my mission.
Not that I know
anything about missions.
(SOBBING)
(GAME MUSIC PLAYING)
Guys, did you see the front page
of this completely real newspaper?
Nobody reads!
Well, then I'll tell you what it says.
"An out-of-control car
in Palo Alto
"has caused millions
of dollars of damage,
"including wrecking
a bookstore."
That's weird.
Angus and I hit a
bookstore in the game.
Don't you get it?
It's not a game!
You've been controlling Z-Tech's
new experimental driverless car!
Are you saying we
caused all that damage?
I'm not saying it.
This completely real newspaper is.
It says, "Authorities are determined
"to bring the perpetrators to justice
"and are closing in on two
suspects in Palo Alto
"described as
undesirable to women."
Oh, no, they have our descriptions!
Wait! I know.
Why don't you guys
hide out in my closet?
But what about your clothes and shoes?
Don't worry.
I'll figure something out.
(ELEVATOR DINGING)
Dixon, can I talk to you for a minute?
Can it wait?
I'm meeting Oksana.
She's helping me study
for my spy exam.
(INHALING) It's torture.
Why, is it, like, really hard?
No. This semester
we're studying torture.
About Oksana.
Do you really think
you two belong together?
You need someone you can talk to,
not someone who has ways
of making you talk.
Listen, I'm sure if you look
deep down in your heart,
you'll see who's the
right girl for you.
OKSANA:
(SCREAMING) You!
Get away from him!
Oksana? You try to
steal Dixie Cup!
No, not at all.
I was talking about Olive.
Dixon, tell her.
Dixon?
Where are you?
Are you in disguise makeup?
Are you the cantaloupe?
Tell her, cantaloupe!
You now become my blood enemy!
(NERVOUS CHUCKLING) Don't you
think we're moving too fast?
Maybe we should start
as regular enemies,
and see how that goes before we
jump ahead to blood enemies.
I would even be willing
to try blood frenemies.
This is what I do to blood frenemies.
(YELLING) Ya!
(STAMMERING) You've
got to listen to me.
I'm not interested in Dixon!
(YELLING) Liar!
All girlies want Dixie Cup!
That is so not true!
I want Dixie Cup!
Okay, that is what we call in
America "a hilarious coincidence."
I have ways of truthing
the truth out of peoples!
You know the best way
to get the truth out of me?
Close your eyes and count to 100.
I only learn to count
to 20 in English.
Oh, that's okay.
That'll work.
One. Seven.
Four. Ten. W.
Six. Yellow.
Lexi, we need to talk
about this "arrangement."
Um, I can explain.
After all these years of
going to school together,
I never thought you were capable
of something like this.
Really?
Because I feel like
I've done way worse.
Moving all your stuff out of your
closet and putting it in here.
That must have been
a huge hassle for you.
Thanks.
Oh, right, the hiding spot.
You're welcome.
Now back in the hole, fugitives!
Uh, there's one problem.
I can't spend that much time
in a confined space with Fletcher.
All he does is complain
about my flatulence!
Hey, I don't always complain!
Sometimes I'm just unconscious.
It is way too dangerous
for you guys to be in here!
The cops were all over this place
right before you walked in.
They boxed up all your stuff and
took it away as evidence.
Oh, no! We've got
to get out of here!
Good idea. See you.
Wait!
We'll never escape on foot.
Why don't we take the
driverless car Lexi read about
in that completely real newspaper?
No! You can't do that!
Sure we can!
All we have to do is use
your Z-Pad to drive it here
and it'll be waiting just
outside the door. Right?
I guess so.
Ugh!
Tricking people out of their rooms
so you can turn it
into a walk-in closet
should not be this difficult!
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
(SIGHING)
(SCREAMING)
What's wrong?
I was just wondering if you
got my Dixie Cup back for me.
Maybe it's time to
forget about Dixie Cup
and just be Solo Cup for a while.
You deserve someone who won't run off
with the first homicidal
maniac he sees.
Speaking of which, you haven't
seen Oksana, have you?
Well, I appreciate you trying
to make me feel better,
but there's no way you can
understand what I'm going through.
Nobody would ever break up with you,
because everybody loves you.
You can't understand
how it feels to be afraid
of having no one and ending up alone.
Olive, you never have to
worry about being alone,
because I'll always be here for you.
OKSANA: Where you go,
Dixie Cup thief?
Except now! Gotta run!
Okay, the driverless car
should be here any second.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Is this the driverless car?
You mean the car that just
pulled up with no driver?
Wow!
You'd think Lexi's closet
would have more clothes.
And less of a stale flatulence smell.
Aha! There you is, Chyna!
Now admit you want Dixie Cup!
Okay, the truth is...
I'm not Chyna.
My real name Dorianna Bannisterovich.
You Dorianna Bannisterovich?
Head of Russian Secret Agency?
There's really a
Dorianna Bannisterovich?
I mean da, da.
Don't worry about Chyna.
Agency took care of her.
She tried to escape
in elaborate makeup.
This all that's left of her now.
Yothinu I born tomorrow?
I know you not
Dorianna Bannisterovich.
And this not Chyna.
This...
Delicious!
All American food taste this good?
Yes.
So maybe you should forget the
whole spying and vengeance thing
and just stay in America.
Because revenge, like
everything in America,
is a dish best served
with a side of fries.
This driverless car is amazing.
Although I don't know why we slow down
every time we pass a clothing
store or a cute guy.
(SIREN WAILING)
The cops are everywhere.
There's only one way out of this.
We need this car
to drive us to Canada!
Canada? No way!
I'm not doing that!
Who said that?
Angus, it's obvious
what's going on here.
The driverless car talks!
(IN ROBOTIC TONE) Yes, I am the car.
Beep-beep.
Take us to Canada, talking car!
No. Why should I
listen to someone
someone who's been stinking
up the back seat for miles?
You have more gas than I do.
Angus, watch out! There's a squirrel!
(GASPING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(CRASHING)
Lexi?
What's going on?
Okay. You were
playing a game.
You didn't cause any damage.
I tricked you so I could
use your room as a closet.
So you lied to us?
You're no better than this talking
car that also lied to us!
Never mind that!
I destroyed a bookstore!
Luckily, no one got hurt,
because no one reads anymore.
Yeah, but you're going to have
to pay for all this damage.
I can't afford that!
Then you'd better hide.
And I think I know just the place.
LEXI: You think I'll
be safe in my closet?
Shh! I hear
someone coming.
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
(SIGHING)
Hey, Olive.
Hey, Fletcher.
Did Chyna send you
up here to talk to me?
No, I haven't seen Chyna.
I was driving to Canada
in a fake talking car.
Oh. That's nice.
What? You're not going
to make fun of me
or call me stupid?
What's wrong?
Ah... You wouldn't understand.
Relationship problems.
(EXHALING) I got dumped.
I know how you feel.
I was dumped recently, too.
By Kennedy.
You're going to go
through some phases.
At first you'll feel
like a total loser.
(SCOFFING) Then what?
I don't know. I've been stuck
in this phase for a while.
(LAUGHS)
Thanks, Fletcher.
I needed that.
It's not easy being alone.
You're not alone.
Look, I know we fight all the time,
but I'm always here for you.
What just happened?
Your face bumped into my lips!
No! No,
you kissed me! And...
I don't feel like vomiting.
Me neither.
What is happening?
Olive, there you are.
Uh-huh.
Look, I have a confession to make.
I sent Dixon away.
It's my fault he broke up with you.
I feel terrible.
Can you ever forgive me?
Yeah, of course. 'Cause
that's what friends do.
They kiss and make up.
And...
And by that I mean they reconcile
because why would you
literally kiss me?
Or anyone kiss me?
Especially Fletcher.
I wasn't talking about Fletcher.
Who is, ever?
Look, I totally forgive you, Chyna.
I'm over Dixon.
You are?
Mmm-hmm.
(CHUCKLING) Because you were, like,
head over heels in love with him.
I mean, he is really
handsome, and debonair,
and handsome, and handsome...
The lady said she's over him!
Okay. Fine. Sorry.
So...
What now?
Well, we could either talk endlessly
about the kiss and what it means,
or we could just pretend
it never happened.
Or we could kiss again.
Okay.
Get out of here, Philip!
We're trying to have a moment!
Hey, Dixie Cup.
I heard Oksana broke up with you.
Feeling better?
(WAILING)
A little.
Dude, you need to forget about Oksana.
Tell you what,
I'm sure I could find another
girl to go out with you.
Of course, it won't be easy.
You're not exactly...
...Zoozibble.
Okay! Who wants to go
out with Dixon?
(All screaming)